# Packages:
* webpack, webpack-dev-server
* babel
* Loaders: css,style,file,node-sass,babel
* jquery, jquery-ui-bundle
* html-webpack-plugin

# Commands:
1. npm init
2. npm install --save-dev webpack webpack-cli
3. 

# To start:
1. npm start        // It will use webpack dev server to create dist folder in memory 

# To share the build
1. npm run build    // It will create dist folder locally and you can share the files from there.

# Difference between devDependencies and dependencies:
* The difference between these two, is that devDependencies are modules which are only required during development, while dependencies are modules which are also required at runtime.
* Some good examples of dependencies which would be required at runtime include React, Redux, Express, and Axios.
* Some good examples of when to install devDependencies would be Nodemon, Babel, ESLint, and testing frameworks like Chai, Mocha, Enzyme, etc…

# Difference between style-loader and css-loader
* css-loader is the npm module that would help webpack to collect CSS from all the css files referenced in your application and put it into a string.
* And then style-loader would take the output string generated by the above css-loader and put it inside the '<style>' tags in the index.html file.

# Why do we use babel-loader?
* As any language, Javascript also has versions named ECMAScript (short for ES). Currently, most browsers support ES5. ES5 used to be good even though it was painful to code in it. Remember, this not reading from inside callback functions? The new version of Javascript, ES6, also known as ES2015 (specs of the language were finalized in June 2015) makes Javascript great again. If you want to learn about ES6, check out the links at the end of this article. All the great features of ES6 come with one big problem — majority of browsers do not fully support them. That’s when Babel comes to play. Babel is a JS transpiler that converts new JS code into old ones. It is a very flexible tool in terms of transpiling. One can easily add presets such as es2015, es2016, es2017, so that Babel compiles them to ES5.

# Why do we use html-webpack-plugin?
* The plugin will generate an HTML5 file for you that includes all your webpack bundles in the body using script tags.
* If you have multiple webpack entry points, they will all be included with script tags in the generated HTML.
* This is especially useful for webpack bundles that include a hash in the filename which changes every compilation. You can either let the plugin generate an HTML file for you, supply your own template using lodash templates, or use your own loader.

# .babelrc presets: env vs es2015
* babel-preset-env is a new preset, first released over a year ago that replaces many presets that were previously used including:

    - babel-preset-es2015, babel-preset-es2016, babel-preset-es2017
    - babel-preset-latest
    - other community plugins involving es20xx: babel-preset-node5, babel-preset-es2015-node, etc

# To install babel, use this npm install:
* npm install babel-loader@8.0.0-beta.0 @babel/core @babel/preset-env webpack

# To install eslint:
* We used airbnb-base
* We used eslint-loader to automatically execute eslint on npm start. No need any additional scripts

# URL Eslint: 
https://medium.com/dailyjs/adding-eslint-to-your-project-7bd4feca35a8    // Use for "eslint init" > setup initial steps only.

# URL
https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/#basic-setup
